# [Project 1: Restaurant Recommender](https://github.com/amanbhargava97/Restaurant_Recommend)
Every time when everyone wants to go out and meet, whether it’s friends or family, the debate to find the perfect restaurant to meet at rages on for a while. With the use of this dataset, we aim to recommend restaurants as per a user’s preferences based on restaurants one has already reviewed. We could also provide feedback to the restaurants as per the customer inputs using Exploratory Data Analysis. The data set is made from user inputs from their previous visits to one or more of these restaurants.

# [Project 2: Cancer Survival Analysis](https://github.com/amanbhargava97/CancerSurvivalAnalysis)
The aim of this project was to understand study the survival rate among cancer patients based on historical data provided. Survival analysis techniques such as Kaplan-Meier plots and Cox Proportional Hazards model were used to conduct the research.

# [Project 3: Tennis Winner Prediction](https://github.com/amanbhargava97/Tennis-winner)
Tennis Shiny App for UR4A-Using R for Analytics Project. App-Link : https://padmadwivedi.shinyapps.io/ur4ateam/

# [Project 4: Customer's Willingness To Wait For A Specific SKU](https://github.com/amanbhargava97/Willingness_To_Wait)
A model to predict the number of days a customer is willing to wait for a specific SKU based on historical data that will help companies can better anticipate customer needs and optimize the shelf space by stocking units for which willingness to wait is low. The model will eventually help in a company’s aim to achieve SKU rationalization to avoid losing out on sales due to lack of inventory on hand. The willingness to wait for a SKU is dependent on multiple factors like part type, customer requirement and urgency, delivery time to the closest store, and availability of SKU with competitors in the area. Hence, the analysis needs to be done at a SKU level for a cluster of stores using survival analysis and regression techniques tracking the customer drop-off for products as delivery time increases. The support from client regarding providing of required data and legacy insights has been a key part of our project structure. Based on these findings, this research presents insights into predicting the time a customer is willing to wait for a specific SKU using time-series, survival and regression concepts in Python and R.
